	NBODY: All-Pair N-Body Simulation

N-body simulation simulates the movement of n galaxies, given their initial mass
and velocity. This program implements all-pair n-body, in which the interaction
between all the pairs are evaluated in each iteration.
The all-pairs approach to N-body simulation is a brute-force technique that 
evaluates all pair-wise interactions among the N bodies. It is a relatively 
simple method, but one that is not generally used on its own in the simulation 
of large systems because of its O(N2) computational complexity. Instead, the 
all-pairs approach is typically used as a kernel to determine the forces in 
close-range interactions. The all-pairs method is combined with a faster method
based on a far-field approximation of longer-range forces, which is valid only 
between parts of the system that are well separated.

In this sample program, we implement single-thread all-pair simulation. The 
input includes the number of bodies and number of iterations to run, which is
given as parameters in the command line.

The initial mass and velocity of the bodies are randomly generated. And the 
other parameters, such as softening, are hardcoded. The output of the program
includes the flops of the program, and the position of the first 10 bodies.



HOW TO COMPILE:

  Simply type 'make', and you will get the executable name 'nbody'.


HOW TO RUN:

  The nbody program takes two command line arguments: number of bodies and 
  number of iterations to run.

  A sample command line would be:
	./nbody 1024 10
  This command line runs 10 iterations with 1024 bodies.


------------------------------------
Files in this archive:

	Makefile:	Makefile of the project
	README:		the file you are currently reading
	bodysystem.cpp:	implementation of the n-body simulation
	bodysystem.h:	header file for the n-body system
	nbody.cpp:	entry of the program
	nbody_algorithm.pdf:	a description of the nbody algorithm implemneted
				in CUDA SDK
	time.cpp:	timer function
	time.h:		timer header
